you know last year at this point I'm
like life was going really bad for me um
like at this point in time last year I
was crying like you know just like on
the floor of my room most of the time
and I kind of like didn't know how to
say that and is so good kind of to see
that like you know I'm I was still
struggling at times like it's not always
easy and like this is a hard degree not
gonna lie but like it's so nice we're
like you walk out of a super vision and
you had like a moment of success
[Music]
good morning guys so it was a 5 a.m.
morning for me which is early but ok so
I just quickly got myself ready and then
I sat down to do my makeup after I got
dressed I always get dressed first
because I just feel like it makes you
feel more awake and yeah so there's me
before getting ready and then finally
looking a little bit more awake but
still in my pink fleece jacket because
it is quite cold in the mornings and
then I just had a quick snack I only
have breakfast at 8 because I eat in the
buttery which opens at 8 so I usually
just have a quick snack in the morning
just to make sure that you know I ate
something and then I packed my bag and
as you can see at my free books for a
property low in there and then I just
edit my water bottle because you need to
stay hydrated and then I was off to the
College Library which is open 24/7 which
is amazing because you can go there you
know on your own time like when you want
to study and all when the university
considers its a good time study and I
really love going there in the morning
even though it's a little bit creepy to
be the only person in the library
so here I am turning on all the lights
because I am the first person there and
I went to the sound study room but it
really doesn't mess there because the
entire library is silent at 5:40 in the
morning so you know hi guys so I'm gonna
library now and I'm in this sound study
room so why am I talking because
nobody's here
so it's fine so this is what I'm doing
which is LAN law co-ownership severing
your co-ownership stuff like that so
yeah we have a lot to do everything in
pink is not read so a lot it is
Wednesday and I have until Friday to get
this done because that's not my
supervision is I had to reschedule it
because I had an allergic reaction so
that's why we're doing this now today is
a very very busy day I'm just gonna put
my lectures right here um yeah it's a
lot but we're gonna try to get some
readings done in between so right now it
is 6:00 Betty so I'm just gonna try to
you know get as much reading done in the
morning as I can I'm gonna go for
breakfast at 8:00 and we're gonna see
how far we get so yeah that's do it so
here's me taking notes on the textbook
and I try to organize my notes in tables
as much as I can because it kind of
helps me put all the information into
like categories which makes it just
easier to look at it later and then I
went back to the textbook and did a few
more readings and I make sure to always
look at the footnotes and note down
cases which I mentioned there if they're
important because most legal textbooks
don't actually give you two cases in the
text itself but you need them as
authorities later and here you can see
all the notes that I made in the morning
which i think was quite decent but
obviously there was still a lot of pink
things so it's a lot to read so after I
had breakfast in debauchery
Eddin walked out of college and I always
take this exit and it's so beautiful
because College looks amazing and then I
went to the faculty and the faculty is
quite different than my college because
it's quite modern but I really like
going there and I had a few lectures
that day so whenever I'm in lectures I
take notes on my iPad and I just found
out the lecture handout
and I find it really useful because it
just allows you to quickly draw
something if you want to or anything and
during my break from lectures I went to
the library and took a few modes on the
textbook just to make sure that you know
I get through the textbook as quickly as
possible
and then I went back to a few more
lectures and yeah basically that was
pretty much my entire day
[Music]
and I'm back in my room so it's been a
minute um Oh more like a few hours um so
now it is 5:20 um I've just walked
through the rain
great weather also thank you so much
extinction rebellion for making me walk
10 minutes more because my entire
college is on lockdown
thanks to you destroying the lonna
Trinity yeah in case you don't know what
I'm talking about
this is it I don't know why is an
activist for the environment you destroy
grass which is environment but hey yeah
if you follow me on Twitter then you
know that I think this is nothing over
it in criminal damage to property and
really has not a lot to do with peaceful
protest but hey so yeah that's why
currently some central colleges are
closing down certain exits so that the
same thing doesn't happen to them and
John's is a Central College so that's
why right now the entry which I would
normally use to get back in it's closed
off so I have to walk longer and you
know get a lot wetter in the rain which
I love oh yeah putting that aside now is
5:20 and I'm kind of tired but we also
still have a lot of work to do so here's
the plan I'm gonna take a 20-minute
break now and although I don't like
watching TV as a break because I feel
like it just makes you a little more
tired I feel like I can't do anything
else right now like yeah the only other
option is taking a nap so I think I'm
gonna go and watch the live TV I think
I'm just gonna watch one episode of
Brooklyn nine-nine there was a 20
minutes that's a fair trade-off I feel
like one episode I get to laugh a little
and then we're gonna go back to land
long life is fun so the goal for land
law is to get as far as you camp to
textbooks it would be ideal if we can
finish them I don't know if that's
realistic but the ultimate goal is to
finish it by tomorrow
latest Friday morning the supervision is
Friday afternoon but I would really
prefer to finish it tomorrow so that's
the aim so yeah let's see if we can get
there okay so guys it is 6:30 I
did you know sit down do reading and I'm
I am doing it but I am so tired so um
I've been thinking you know I can keep
working now or I can go to sleep at like
7 which sounds great in my brain
honestly um I know a lot of people who
are in uni you know and you're like oh
I'm gonna go out and stuff like that I
feel like for me the peak uni life
moment sort of moments where just get to
go to sleep early so yeah that's bad
hi mom so I think I might do that and
just wake it before yes I do wake up at
4 in some days um because I'm a morning
person and I'm so much more productive
in the morning and I'll see just just
proves it because I'm tired and I'm
honestly not productive so I can sit you
for another hour and probably reach free
pages or I can do it tomorrow morning at
5:00 in the library and probably get
frutos pages in like 15 minutes so I'm
gonna choose tomorrow morning Hey look
at that I just convinced myself so um
now I'm gonna get rid of your proof bed
and I should also say my decision to you
know push some things to tomorrow
what stuff my influence but a fact that
one of my lectures tomorrow got
cancelled because the lecturer is
striking because strikes are back in
Cambridge so basically what's going on
is the academics have a dispute with the
university not the colleges so that
means your supervisions and things like
that continue because those are college
based teaching but things like the
lectures which the university organizes
they might be a factor so one of my
lecturers are striking which means no
international law lecture tomorrow so I
only have one extra tomorrow so I think
we can get a reasonable amount of work
done and the rest of the day so I think
it's fine that you know we're leaving
this to tomorrow so yeah I guess I'll
see you guys tomorrow morning good
morning guys it's the next day we're
back in this silent study room which is
very silent because literally nobody's
here except for me so yeah but I feel
like I look my
more well-rested and I yesterday at
least I feel well rested because going
to bed at 7:00 is heavenly so yeah so
we're now in the library and we have
work to do so I'm gonna finish this text
book I have about five pages left so
that should be around a quick read and
then we're gonna move on to this one
this one will go a lot quicker because
this is basically a more extended and
detailed version of this so once I have
all my basics down with this one this is
a quick read or it usually is so I'm
gonna take my notes on this one and I'm
just gonna finish them up and then we're
gonna move on to just one I'm hoping to
finish this by noon so that I can then
move on to cases so the cases look a lot
from my reading document like here all
this pink stuff those are cases and you
may think wow that's a lot but honestly
I think I can finish that in a day
because I'm someone I take a lot of time
to textbook because the textbook
basically gives you you know your
methodology like how or do you approach
a problem questions it is all these
things but once you know like where in
which categories to put the cases it's
so much easier to read them and it goes
far quicker because you know what to
look for so I prefer to spend more time
in a textbook and I get down the
methodology so that's why I think this
can work out but we'll see so yeah
that's pretty much the plan for the
morning I have a 9:00 a.m. lecture which
is my only lecture of the day so I'm
gonna leave the library 8 get breakfast
go for my lecture and then we're gonna
keep working so yeah let's do it and
we're back to me reading the textbook
and as always I just have my pen with me
to make sure that I can get down any
cases and underline anything important
but I really try to check myself that I
don't just underline everything because
I'm somebody who otherwise tends to do
it up and then I went back to taking
notes and as you can see a lot of tables
sometimes a little bit of color and even
sometimes some little diagrams which I
draw on my iPad and then just add into
the notes I will make a tutorial on how
I make my notes ooh
but basically I just you know draw
something and good notes and then I just
export it as a picture and put it into
my notes and pages and yeah here you can
see what my notes look like at this
point so we've gotten quite a bit done
I'm actually quite happy with how far I
got in that session it really was a
quite productive morning for me and I
think it was really worth you know
sleeping early and then just doing my
work and you can see here what it looks
like when I add these little diagrams
and sometimes also add pictures to them
from the internet it's super easy to do
on the iPad so it's really great just
you know add it to your notes and yeah
then it was time to go to the faculty
for my one lecture of the day so it was
really just you know one hour um so it
was a quite short trip there but it was
a quite good lecture we had a LAN low
like sure and we were talking about
covenants which is a topic which I was
quite interested in because I hadn't
really understood yet what it really
meant so it was a quite helpful lecture
for me
and I'm back in the room so um I
actually finished with this book so a
fine muttered lamp long and hello
property door now I already started it
and is actually okay it's going well
actually honestly because as I said this
is going to be a bit of an easier read
because this is just a more detailed
version of this so we only need to get
the detail a lot of it's one which is
great so I'm gonna keep reading this one
I hope to finish it by noon we're gonna
see how it goes and then we're gonna
move on to cases so yeah that's the plan
also at some point I will have to catch
up on the lecture stuff we're missing
because well Elektra striking so now for
me have to do not over the holiday um I
will see if I really have to do it
because sometimes we do get exam
litigation measures which basically
means um you just get an extra question
on another topic which was lectured on
so that you don't have to study a topic
you won't like on this did happen
for the topics you weren't lectured on
last year I also don't know why the
lighting just went down but hey um and
but I don't know if it will happen again
this year so we will have to see him so
if we don't get examination measures I'm
gonna have to lecture myself which I
love because I actually really need
lectures so yeah we're gonna see we're
hoping for examination measures but
that's irrelevant for now because now
it's time for property law
so yeah let's do it the next day good
morning guys um so I stayed in a room
until well 10:30
I'm association and I are about to go to
our lecturer she is it's all focus no it
is so I did a lot of readings for my
cases because I didn't finish them
yesterday still here we go we're at
eight thousand eight hundred sixty-one
words isn't it beautiful
this is what it looks like I do need to
hunt down one text book for two pages in
the law library which I'm going to do in
my break because I don't have that
textbook and I need to finish two cases
so that is absolutely doable in my break
until I have my meeting for a human
rights Law Society at 1:00 so now I'm
gonna go to my one lecture off a day
kind of finish off if do my human rights
Law Society meeting and then we have the
situation in the afternoon so yeah let's
do it
here's me again in lectures taking notes
and I always try to only take down the
most important things that the lecturer
says but I gotta say it is not my strong
suit I probably take a bit too many
notes and lectures and I know it and
then I went to the library in my one
hour break and took a lot my notes on
these two cases and then it was also
time to look at the textbook which I
managed to get digitally so I could read
it on good notes on my iPad and then
take notes on it on my laptop so I just
quickly went over these pages and you
know highlighted anything that was
important so that I could then take
notes on it later and just make sure
that you know basically all my notes are
complete and we have everything ready
for the supervision and I'm back in the
room so it is two o'clock now and I went
to my meeting for the human rights law
society and we have an event coming up
which is quite interesting I think it's
about divorce and I like what you get
when you know you're divorcing and what
do you get if you're not married and you
break up which is really interesting
because I'm doing family law and this is
like a big debate like what you should
even get something if you you know when
a relationship but you weren't married I
mean there's very little that the courts
can do so it's quite interesting thing
so yeah but putting that aside um land
law
interestingly enough if you're not
married landlords probably the most
relevant like area of law for you if
you're trying to you secure any asset or
anything because usually it's about the
home so landlords an interesting ties
with family law but I finished all my
readings so we're done also bless my
friend who actually scanned the reading
which we had student you have a textbook
so I could just do that and then just
you know turn it into a diagram here and
then I just you know paste that diagram
some way to my reading notes but yeah
basically this is what my notes look
like
they're done yeah it's a lot um so
basically we have written a decent well
nine thousand and nine hundred something
words 9961 and we have 26 pages we love
to see it but yeah this is what my notes
are like as you can see I sometimes
insert diagrams so like this one so this
is just you know for me to make it
clearer I make these on good notes and
then I just export them as a picture and
they're just put them into my notes on
pages I will make a tutorial about my
notes soon I promise
I'm sorry and yet sometimes I just mark
things which are important in some
colors and yeah that's pretty much how I
do them so I'm gonna print these out now
so and well my French is printing I need
you two questions so the questions are
just some things which are just you know
supposed to I don't know engage your
brain about the material and we may talk
about some of them in the supervision
but we may not yeah so I'm gonna do
these well and yeah I think I can finish
it off up by free mice two versions of
full fat team so I can take a little
break down which is lovely
mmm but ya know when your stomped
jurisprudence readings don't know if I'm
with softened today um we'll see after
my supervision I'll immediately go to
the DBC which is citizen corpse of
amnesty be verified footage of human
rights violations so I'm gonna go to
straight from my supervision
so I won't really have time to you know
um yeah I get anything down after my sue
fo so I'll see you fell to it before but
yeah let's do a questions first and
print all of these 26 pages of notes so
that we're ready for the supervision so
I had all the questions in a document
and so I just wrote down some of my
ounces to it and I keep this document
digitally until after the supervision
because there's not really a point in
printing it out just yet because we
talked about it during the supervision
so I like to you know add some
thing is after the supervision so I just
keep this as a digital copy only and
then I also printed out all of my
reading notes and I just quickly went
over these you know highlighted them
annotated them and little where
necessary just to make sure that I
really knew what these notes were saying
and that I was in the right mindset
basically for the supervision because in
a supervision you don't really have time
to check 26 pages of notes you kind of
got to know your way around the statute
but you can of course have a peek at
your notes every once in a while many
hours later hi guys it's a lot later and
yeah I had my supervision I went to to
to verification corpse it all went well
my supervision actually went really
really well
we're just like just such a great
feeling um like you know last year at
this point I'm like life was going
really bad me like at this point in time
last year I was crying like you know
just like on the floor of my room most
of the time and I kind of like didn't
know how to say that and is so good kind
of to see that like you know I'm I was
still struggling at times like it's not
always easy and like this is a heart
decree not gonna lie but like it's so
nice we're like you walk out of his
supervision and you had like a moment of
success and you know for me this is
really like last year this time I was
really at my lowest so it's it's so nice
to see that like things seem to be
working out which is so good um it it
feels good so yeah um so I just like you
know went over my questions again and
just edit some pink stuff so this is the
stuff we talked about in the supervision
and when we got a gift in the
supervision and this is the only type of
gift you want as a law student a summary
of statutory provisions and act like
last night that's the gift you want yeah
if you want to make a law student happy
like give them something like that like
that's something we can work
and then I have all my notes here and I
went over them highlighted some annotate
simulator and yeah I'm just gonna put
all these in my folders and yeah then
I'm gonna go to bed I just sleep oh yeah
it was the end of the vlog um thank you
so much for watching it means a lot
also I realized that my channel has
grown a lot over the past few weeks um
my subscriber count is that she doubled
um which is crazy
thank you so much and if you're new here
um welcome she said that at the
beginning of the lock but hey yeah thank
you so much for being here I hope you
enjoyed this video have a nice day bye